okay listen mister I'll pay some action
this is my rendition of the Pepsi Center
okay let's go as we come through the
beginning the steam store we got here on
the left and then we come up here and we
come over here to the left and we see
this concession stand and whatnot of the
lower level and if you follow me through
this door right here um this is this is
a suite where he's not here okay so this
is basically the first level we have
that all the way around let's go up to
the second level which is called bubble
don't do it I'll do it don't do it okay
this is the club little make up Jacob
was have to be trigger-finger was a part
of this with me not really but he was
this is a club level sweet great now as
we come up to the third level here we
have the we have the I'm gonna invite
you we have the we have the concession
stand in the walls here and then as we
come through here you can see a whole
view of the ice
and and basically that's it we got the
Jumbotron here we've got the American
and Canadian flag to our left left we
have finish to our right and basically
those hallways go all the way around the
center and it's the same thing all the
way around we can come down here to
where you can see the I see a better
view as we have the goal the faceoff
circle the blue line the red line go on
the ice
we got our penalty boxes over here
wholly functional walk in and out of
them
and you
the bus doing here's your stalls and
then your shower your public shower yeah
I know this it's almost okay now where
there's one more special thing there's
one more special thing to this just put
the spicing on the cake
you know icing on the cake that's what
it is okay oh wait we have some
bathrooms over here that's not the icing
on the cake but we have some bathrooms
men and women okay so if we come back
down here and come on out this took a
great deal of time
yeah
we have the Avalanche logo right here
that just mean line put it all together
you know I'm saying and as you come back
there's a bunch of torches all over it
that's just so that you can see that
night but for being in Minecraft that's
a pretty good damn Louisville exactly
thank you this is my rendition of the
Pepsi Center and the Avalanche level
reporting mr. Revere thanks